# Easy Containers
Skyrim mod for item management.\
Batch move unwanted items to any container.

## Usage
First you need to "mark" some items so this mod knows you want to get rid of them. 

- Put your unwanted items inside any container. 
- Make sure the game crosshair is over that container (it should appear the "Activate" message) . 
- Use "mark item" hotkey to remember those items. 
- If you get the message pop-up, your items will now be remembered. 

Those items are marked **forever**.\
If you want to add more to the Marked List, just put new items inside some container and mark them using the same steps above. 

Whenever you have Marked items in inventory, all of them will be moved to any container under the crosshair. 

- Put some container over the crosshair. 
- Press the "transfer" hotkey. 
- All Marked items will be transferred to that container. 

Right now, hotkeys are hardcoded to:

- Mark: `num4`
- Transfer: `num5`

I'll later add the option to configure them.

## Dependencies

- [node.js][]
- [Skyrim Platform][]
- [JContainers][]
- [JContainers typescript definitions][Ts-Coversions]

## Building

Building steps are mostly the same as the example plugin from [Skyrim Platform][].

The only difference is that I created a hard symlink to `skyrimPlatform.ts` and symlink junctions for library and [conversions][Ts-Coversions] folders.\
That's why you see those files are outright inside [Platform/easy-containers/].

Doing so may be "sloppy and amateurish", but right now I don't really feel like battling against Typescript importing paths.\
I'll eventually learn about those, though. Just not right now.

Since this plugin is also meant to serve as a guide to [Skyrim Platform][] newcomers (me included) I added the [first version of this plugin made in Papyrus][src].\
You can compile and run that version to see how hilariously slow and clumsy is Papyrus compared to [Skyrim Platform][].

As I said, I expect this plugin to be used as guide to newcomers. That's why I included the [genereated *.js plugin][Plugins-Path] so you can just download it and test it right away.\
I'm aware this is something you shouldn't do here.

### Building steps for beginners

1. Install [node.js][].

1. Open the command line and navigate to [Platform/easy-containers/][].

1. Run `npm i` to install the dependencies.

1. Create a file `tsc/config.js` with the following contents:
   ```js
   module.exports = {
       // Change `seRoot` to the correct path to the Skyrim SE folder. The path should have slashes like this: `/` (not `\\`).
       seRoot: "C:/Program Files (x86)/Steam/steamapps/common/Skyrim Special Edition"
   };
   ```
1. Create a hard link to `skyrimPlatform.ts` in the same directory where `tsconfig.json` is. \
Use [Link Shell Extension][] for that.

1. Run `npm run dev`. If everything is ok, the message `Found 0 errors, installing easy-containers.js` will appear.

1. Put the `easy-containers.js` [file][Plugins-Path] (generated by previous steps) inside `Data/Platform/Plugins/`, so Skyrim can actually recognize the plugin.

1. Log in to Steam and start the game with `skse64_loader.exe`.

If everything went alright, when opening the console you should see a message saying `"Easy Containers successfully initialized."`.

[JContainers]: https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/16495

[Link Shell Extension]: https://schinagl.priv.at/nt/hardlinkshellext/hardlinkshellext.html#download

[node.js]: https://nodejs.org/

[Platform/easy-containers/]: Platform/easy-containers/

[Plugins-Path]: Platform/Plugins/

[Skyrim Platform]: https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/54909

[src]: Platform/easy-containers/src

[Ts-Coversions]: https://github.com/CarlosLeyvaAyala/Papyrus-2-Typescript/tree/main/conversions